README.md, before:

# Artificial Intelligence
*AI is the discipline that deals with uncertainty and manages it in decision making* ...		
**Peter Norvig**

![lphaGo](images/alphago.jpg  "go")

AI program is called **Intelligent Agent** just like **AlphaGo**. You can learn more about **AlphaGo** by watching the documentary and/or reading the paper

- [Documentary](https://www.alphagomovie.com/)
- [Paper](https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/alphago/AlphaGoNaturePaper.pdf)

This repository is built to showcase completed classroom projects of Artificial Intelligence and Specializations Nanodegree offered by [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/)

This README is broken down into the following sections:

- [Sudoku](#sudoku)
- [Isolation](#isolation)
- [Planning](#planning)
- [Recognizer](#recognizer)
- [Computer Vision Capstone](#computer-vision-capstone)
- [Natural Language Processing Capstone](#natural-language-processing-capstone)
- [Voice User Interface Capstone](#voice-user-interface-capstone)

## Sudoku ##
In this project  we practiced two very important concepts of artificial intelligence, **constraint propagation** and **search**. We created  an **AI agent** that will solve any Sudoku puzzle. In this project, The goals are to implement the **naked twins** function, and write an AI agent that will solve the **Diagonal Sudoku** game.The algorithm fully used are based from the great [blogpost](http://norvig.com/sudoku.html) of Peter Norvig. 

You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](/Sudoku/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/aind-sudoku) for further information.

**My Solution**
- [Solution](Sudoku/solution.py)

## Isolation ##
In this project, we implemented 

- **minimax** search
- minimax search with **alpha-beta pruning**
- **iterative deepening** search
- our own best position evaluation heuristic
- our own alternate position evaluation heuristic
- our own alternate position evaluation heuristic

In the second part of this project we read a seminal paper in the field of Game-Playing and wrote a simple one page summary on it. In my case I read **AlphaGo** paper.

You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](Isolation/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/AIND-Isolation) for further information.

**My Solution**
- [Solution](Isolation/game_agent.py)
- [Heuristic Analysis](Isolation/heuristic_analysis.pdf)
- [Research Review](Isolation/research_review.pdf)
## Planning ##
## Recognizer ##
## Computer Vision Capstone ##
## Natural Language Processing Capstone ##
## Voice User Interface Capstone ##

Commit message:

docs: adding to documentation adding planning section to the documentation

README.md, after:

# Artificial Intelligence
*AI is the discipline that deals with uncertainty and manages it in decision making*
**Peter Norvig**

![lphaGo](images/alphago.jpg  "AlphaGo")

AI program is called **Intelligent Agent** just like **AlphaGo**. You can learn more about **AlphaGo** by watching the documentary and/or reading the paper

- [Documentary](https://www.alphagomovie.com/)
- [Paper](https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/alphago/AlphaGoNaturePaper.pdf)

This repository is built to showcase completed classroom projects of Artificial Intelligence and Specializations Nanodegree offered by [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/)

This README is broken down into the following sections:

- [Sudoku](#sudoku)
- [Isolation](#isolation)
- [Planning](#planning)
- [Recognizer](#recognizer)
- [Computer Vision Capstone](#computer-vision-capstone)
- [Natural Language Processing Capstone](#natural-language-processing-capstone)
- [Voice User Interface Capstone](#voice-user-interface-capstone)

## Sudoku ##
In this project  we practiced two very important concepts of artificial intelligence, **constraint propagation** and **search**. We created  an **AI agent** that will solve any Sudoku puzzle. In this project, The goals are to implement the **naked twins** function, and write an AI agent that will solve the **Diagonal Sudoku** game.The algorithm fully used are based from the great [blogpost](http://norvig.com/sudoku.html) of Peter Norvig. 

You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](/Sudoku/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/aind-sudoku) for further information.

**My Solution**
- [Solution](Sudoku/solution.py)

## Isolation ##
In this project, we implemented 

- **minimax** search
- minimax search with **alpha-beta pruning**
- **iterative deepening** search
- our own best position evaluation heuristic
- our own alternate position evaluation heuristic
- our own alternate position evaluation heuristic

In the second part of this project we read a seminal paper in the field of Game-Playing and wrote a simple one page summary on it. In my case I read **AlphaGo** paper.

You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](Isolation/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/AIND-Isolation) for further information.

**My Solution**
- [Solution](Isolation/game_agent.py)
- [Heuristic Analysis](Isolation/heuristic_analysis.pdf)
- [Research Review](Isolation/research_review.pdf)
## Planning ##
In this project, you will define a group of problems in classical PDDL (Planning Domain Definition Language) for the air cargo domain discussed in the lectures. You will then set up the problems for search, experiment with various automatically generated heuristics, including planning graph heuristics, to solve the problems, and then provide an analysis of the results. Additionally, you will write a short research review paper on the historical development of planning techniques and their use in artificial intelligence.


You can find more information about the implementation steps of this project on the project's own [README](Planning/README.md) file. Also, You can visit the project's original [repository](https://github.com/udacity/AIND-Planning) for further information.

**My Solution**
- [Air Cargo Solution](Planning/my_air_cargo_problems.py)
- [Planning Graph Solution](Planning/my_planning_graph.py)
- [Heuristic Analysis](Planning/heuristic_analysis.pdf)
- [Research Review](Planning/research_review.pdf)
## Recognizer ##
## Computer Vision Capstone ##
## Natural Language Processing Capstone ##
## Voice User Interface Capstone ##
